Some of the priorities that I would suggest for someone entering the field,
well, me personally, once I found out that I was going to become
a nuke, become a nuclear technician, I guess I wasn't going to, for
about seven months or eight months, so I took some community college
classes to, kind of, brush up on some of the physics, some of the
math and I have to tell you, that was a very big benefit. I didn't
know anything about physics, like, for instance, I didn't know like,
what happened with gravity and shooting bullets and stuff and some
common things that I would have gotten wrong but because I took those
college classes, that helped me prepare myself better to do well
in A school. Because I did well in A school that, you know, like, set
me off on a big career path later on. But it's not just like, nuclear
technician, it could be, for instance, electronics technician. You
might want to brush up on some of your voltage and your current and
your resistors. You could be a cook. You might want to brush up on,
like, the different specialties of the flavors that you're going
to be using or you know, ask some other cooks out there, like, "What
does it take to be good at my job?" So, just kind of understand the
field that you're going into and try to learn about as much of it as
you can beforehand.